have you ever been uncertainty no
relationship baby sure makes me get up I
really really like I must commit
yourself unless you are absolutely
certain and those things seem great
professionally made our new associate
producer Stacy Hoyt oh well there's
still a few douses whole blue just
different miles we did it a little I
told you that didn't I let me think
hmm no gone too far beyond have you ever
been tempted to look under the hood
before you purchase the car great left
my phone at home huh desi was one way
now with the help of her co-workers
little black book electronic footprint
of where your man has been in whiffle
jewel research his path hello Lulu Fred
we'd like you to come in tomorrow for an
interview to be certain about their
future but tell me about one of the
early guys
oh say they're completely about sex sex
I just used implore well I think making
partner will start again please
and with the venules diocese before
polical complete first thing
you can have a sister named joy Zoe
French kisses and licks all know when
you're in big money why does he intend
I'm hiding these old ladies if there's
no turning back
omission drop a [ __ ] are you going to
tell me about the trail I would never go
through your personal stuff revolution
studio is princess Tori sticking to me
three person or I could end up that
story about the moments that define the
experiences that change what it happened
to me knowledge is a terrible and a
marvelous thing and the choices that
make us stronger
you should have told me that you were
withheld and it separated you and I
never really thought Ridley mookee Holly
Hunter long Livingston and caddied a
[Music]
black book God blessing me are you God
that's toast
you